2.1 Real-World Policy and Practice

	While the BitTorrent protocol itself is legal, those who use the service often do so to obtain files illegally. In a 2010 sampling of the one thousand most actively seeded torrent files, 89 percent of the files were confirmed to be illegally shared and the majority of the remaining 11 percent was likely infringing (http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2010/07/only-03-of-files-on-bit-torrent-confirmed-to-be-legal/). Only three files, or 0.3%, were confirmed to be legal. The analysis of people's perception of torrenting will focus on the sharing of the illegal torrents that make up a large majority of the data shared through BitTorrent.

	The entertainment industry and various anti-piracy groups have made numerous attempts to thwart those who torrent illegally. These methods, referred to collectively as torrent poisoning, are effective in both slowing download speeds and gathering IP addresses of the downloaders (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torrent_poisoning). Organizations pose as seeders of a torrent to connect to leechers. Once this connection is made, the anti-piracy organization can save the user's IP address and deter the user from downloading or sharing the file. Counterpiracy companies, such as the now defunct MediaDefender, slow the download of files through numerous methods. These methods are mostly based on seeding or linking to fake files. For example, in a decoy insertion, seemingly uncorrupted versions of a file are distribute on a network to appear indistinguishable from the original files. While a decoy insertion targets the torrent files, a spoofing attack targets  the locations of torrents to redirect potential leechers to non-existent locations. 

	Both these attacks are founded on the principle that some downloaders will give up out of frustration. However, sometimes copyright enforcers take extreme measures to pro-actively prevent BitTorrenting. In 2007, Comcast was accused of hindering the uploading of complete files to BitTorrent. The following year, they were ordered to terminate their "unreasonable" network management. MediaDefender possibly overstepped their legal rights similarly in 2008 when they caused a Denial of Service attack on Revision3, a legal Internet television network distributor.

	In the "real-world," the legality of torrenting and possible actions an external party can take against torrenters is a little fuzzy. However, when a college student signs an acceptable-use policy for the campus network, their rights become a little clearer, but only slightly.

2.2 Dartmouth Policy and Practice

	In Dartmouth College's "Acceptable Use Policy," users agree to not "Post, use, or transmit content that you do not have the right to post or use; for example, under intellectual property, confidentiality, privacy or other applicable laws" (http://www.dartmouth.edu/comp/about/policies/acceptable_use_policy.html). Furthermore, Dartmouth's "Copyright Policy & Guidelines" includes the "copying and sharing images, music, movies, television shows or other copyrighted material through the use of P2P technology" as a probable violation of the "Copyright Law" (http://www.dartmouth.edu/copyright/peer2peer/index.html#P2P)

	Although the College does not police students' torrenting activities, it often receives formal legal notices from organizations like the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) or BayTSP (representor of movie and television studios) for infringers to discontinue their illegal activity. The College is required to forward these notices to the students responsible.


	If a user continues his/her behavior after he/she is issued this warning, the College states that it is permitted to revoke the user's access to its information technology resources. Additionally, any civil liability pushed by the anticopyright organizations 